sql-math-function-power (#2239)
Codecademy/docs: content/sql/concepts/math-functions/terms/power/power.md

---
Title: 'POWER()'

> Description: 'Calculates the power of a number.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the value of a number raised to the power of another number.'
```
